Name: Reginald G. Angquico Company/Agency County of San Diego/Sheriff’s Department Address 9621 Ridgehaven Court San Diego, CA 92123 Phone (858) 974-2290 Website https://www.sdsheriff.gov/ Position Administrative Analyst III Dates February 2021 – October 2021 Supervisor Chrys Flor, Principal Administrative Analyst Duties Summary •Research; compiles, tracts, and analyzes data. •Assists in administration activities. •Coordinates grant activities with other Federal, State, and County departments. •Assists in budget preparation and review/analysis of expenditures and requisitions for purchases. •Maintains inventory control. •Assists in administration activities. •Drafts, reviews, and finalizes correspondence, contracts, grants, and board letters for the department head's signature. •Attend meetings with managers and executives to explain data, resolve problems, and prepare budget and financial documents. Company/Agency County of San Diego/Department of Public Works Address 5510 Overland Avenue, Suite 410, Room 470
San Diego, CA 92123 Phone (858) 694-3893 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/dpw Position Administrative Analyst II Dates September 2012 – April 2021 Supervisor Derek Gade, Public Works Assistant Director Duties Summary •Perform various tasks in support of the Roads Administration, Field Engineering, Field Operations and Traffic Engineering, a total of 24 ORGS. •Procurement Card Approver •Update Services and Supplies projections in Performance Budgeting (PB) system. •Research, analyze, calculate, and project Salaries and Benefits during quarterly fund balance using Oracle reports and Budget Unit Labor Cost (BULC) reports. •Research, analyze, monitor, and calculate cost projections for Services and Supplies using Oracle reports. •Research, analyze, and calculate Information Technology (IT) cost using iTrack and Oracle reports. •Process IT related requests through online Service Now request by completing Computer Service Request Forms (CSRF), Install/Move and Remove (IMAR) and ordering IT equipment and software through online catalogue. •Create General IT Managers Letters and A87 Exemption Letter for Software purchases and renewals •Research, analyze, and calculate cost for Federal and State calamity claims using LUEG Enterprise Asset Management System (LEAMS) and Oracle reports. •Research, analyze, and calculate cost projections for Managers “Needs Assessments” using Oracle and LEAMS reports. •Process Deposit, Accounts Receivables, Reallocation, Transfers (DART) to pay other County Departments and transfer cost to other ORGS. •Review and approve Accounts Payable batches, Requisitions and Releases in Oracle. •Monitor and update Oracle's Inventory Module for road materials stored and or mined at 14 locations. •Monitor and update Minor Equipment and Capital Assets list for 24 ORGS. •Coordinate and process property disposal. •Perform Minor Equipment, Supplies and Materials Inventory and Reporting during Fiscal Year Ending and Biennial Inventory for Minor Equipment and Capital Assets. •Kronos Approver and process labor corrections when needed.
•Calculate Consumer Price Index annually on lease agreements with other departments. •Process checks received for bank deposit. •Initiate, fund, and monitor Internal Agreements (IA). •Administer and update LEAMS used for recording Task, Labor, Equipment and Material cost. •Assist Insurance Companies and County Departments in investigating road/traffic property damage for cost recovery purposes and create invoices using Oracle and LEAMS reports. •Update Road Station Crews Org Chart monthly using Alpha Roster from Human Resources. •Train and monitor the fiscal work responsibility of one Staff Accountant, one Administrative Analyst, one Administrative Secretary II, two Accounting Technicians and two Account Clerk Specialist in Oracle Accounting System. Company/Agency County of San Diego/Department of Public Works Address 5510 Overland Avenue, Suite 410, Room 470 San Diego, CA 92123 Phone (858) 694-3893 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/dpw/index.html Position Administrative Trainee Dates July 2011 - September 2012 Supervisor Denbigh Dickson, Principal Administrative Analyst Duties Summary • Perform data entry in Oracle Accounting System with the following responsibilities: requisitioning for Purchase Order; process invoice payments through - Release and Receiving, Accounts Payable, Miscellaneous Transaction Batch Transfer, General Claims; generate inquiry reports - Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Projects/Grants, Inventory and General Ledger. • Procurement Cardholder.
• Monitor and update Chargeback System, Hansen 7.7 System, Fixed Assets and Minor Equipment, storeroom purchases, gravel/sand/granite/asphalt inventory and IT/telecommunication equipment. • Investigate traffic accidents involving damages to County property and submit subrogation demand to insurance companies, individual drivers and District Attorney's office. • Process requisitions through computer service request forms and submits break-fix work orders for all IT/telecommunication related equipment. • Process all checks received for bank deposit. • Assist Principal Administrative Analyst in budget preparation, Salaries and Benefits projections, Brass entry and Internal Agreements. • Monitor expenses, outstanding encumbrances and Internal Agreements. • Submit general ledger reports of revenues and expenditures to managers for review and action. • Evaluate, train and back-up Account Clerks and Storekeepers. Company/Agency County of San Diego/Auditor and Controllers Office Address 1600 Pacific Highway San Diego, CA 92101 Phone (619) 531-5411 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/auditor/ Position Administrative Analyst I Dates January 2011 - July 2011 Supervisor James Bryant, Manager Duties Summary • Perform data entry in Oracle Accounting System with the following responsibilities: requisitioning for Purchase Order; process invoice payments through - Release and Receiving, Accounts Payable, Miscellaneous Transaction Batch Transfer, General Claims; generate inquiry reports - Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Projects/Grants, Inventory and General Ledger; process Non-Travel and Out of County Travel invoices.
• Process new employees IT/telecommunication equipment needs. Submit break-fix request for IT/telecommunication problems. • Assist Auditor and Controller Manager in budget preparation and monitoring of executive offices finances. • Assist Account Technician and Senior Office Assistant in daily activities. Company/Agency San Diego County/Public Works - Airports Address 1960 Joe Crosson Drive El Cajon, CA 92020 Phone (619) 956-4800 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/dpw/airports.html Position Administrative Trainee Dates November 2007 - December 2010 Supervisor Kathleen Bute, Principal Administrative Analyst Duties Summary • Perform data entry in Oracle Accounting Software with the following responsibilities: Requisitioning, Release and Receiving; Accounts Payable; Miscellaneous Transaction Batch Transfer; General Claims; Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Projects/Grants and General Ledger Inquiry; and process Non-Travel and Out of County Travel. • Procurement Card holder • Managed contracts and develop Statement of Work for consultants. • Assist Principal Administrative Analyst and Airport Manager in budget projections. • Monitor and update Fixed Assets and Minor Equipment Inventory. • Maintain and reconcile petty cash. • Process and oversees State of California Aid to Airports Program and U.S. Department of Transportation for Small Community Air Service Development Grants. • Negotiated with airlines representative. • Create ads and advertorial for marketing County Airports services. • Process break-fix work orders for all IT/telecommunication related equipment. • Administer record retention and destruction in Documentum System.
• Create and present Power Point presentations for advisory groups, business meetings and staff training. • Adviser to KCBQ 1170 AM On-Air-Aviation radio program. Company/Agency San Diego County/Public Works - Airports Address 1960 Joe Crosson Drive El Cajon, CA 92020 Phone (619) 956-4800 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/dpw/airports.html Position Office Support Specialist Dates July 2004 - November 2007 Supervisor Jennifer Kaylor, Administrative Secretary II Duties Summary • Receive incoming calls, noise complaints and information requests regarding County Airports and direct them to the appropriate Airport Staff. • Create and present Power Point presentations for advisory groups, business meetings and staff training. • Process requisitions and submits break-fix work orders for all IT/telecommunication related equipment. • Document aircraft accidents, analyze data and routinely complete research assignments for Airports Director. • Prepare and provide staff training. • Perform Oracle data entry. • Procurement Card holder. • Webmaster for Airport's web page, updating and maintaining information. • Coordinate advertising and community outreach program through submission of business articles for publication and design large scale newspaper and magazine ads. Company/Agency
San Diego County/Probation Department Address 21077 Lyons Valley Rd Alpine, CA 91901 Phone (619) 401-4900 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/probation/ Position Storekeeper II Dates June 2002 - July 2004 Supervisor Jack Wilson, Director Duties Summary • Responsible for warehouse operation, which include supervising and training Storekeeper I, Stock Clerk and laundry worker for Operation Support of Adult and Juvenile Institutions. • Supervised adult and juvenile inmates in restocking, inventory control, issuing supplies, washing and distributing laundry. • Assist Administrative Analyst II in budget preparation and maintaining expenditures within budget. • Procurement Card holder. Company/Agency Survival Insurance Company Address 6755 Mira Mesa #219 San Diego, CA 92121 Phone (858) 202-1100 Website http://www.survivalinsurance.com/index.jsp
Dates December 2001 - May 2002 Supervisor Bill Devine, Manager Duties Summary • Received calls from clients and provided quotes. • Assessed client auto insurance needs, recommended coverage, investigated claims and prepared reports. • Coordinate with underwriters before binding insurance contracts with clients and provided customer service. Company/Agency Horace Mann Insurance Company Address 10393 San Diego Road San Diego, CA 92108 Phone (619) 280-9841 Position Field Underwriter - Account Representative Dates July 2001 - November 2001 Supervisor Ray Pruett, Manager Duties Summary • Assessed client's insurance needs and offered auto, home, health, long term care, life, disability, retirement and umbrella policies. • Reviewed and processed client's retirement portfolio and made asset allocation recommendations. Company/Agency San Diego County Probation Department
Address 21077 Lyons Valley Rd. Alpine, CA 91901 Phone (619) 401-4900 Website http://www.sdcounty.ca.gov/probation/ Position Correctional Deputy Probation Officer II Dates April 1988 - July 2001 Supervisor Peter Beres, Supervising Probation Officer Duties Summary • Perform care, custody and control of adults and juvenile inmates. • Perform administrative duties, sentence computations, inmate counseling; investigated/documented incidents and violations. In charge of the following operations: commissary, inmate personal property, supplies, laundry and print shop. • Rotated responsibility as Transportation Officer, Training Office and Shift Leader in both Adult and Juvenile Institutions. Company/Agency United States Air Force Address HQ USAF/REII 1150 Air Force Pentagon Washington DC, DC 20330 Phone (703) 614-5746 Website http://www.af.mil/ Position Security Specialist
Dates January 1983 - May 1987 Supervisor Richard Smith, Base Consolidate Armory Superintendent Duties Summary • Supervised armory personnel in issuing weapons and supplies for base security and missions. • First Responder on Flight line and facilities on the Airport. • Prepared reports, staff performance evaluations, work schedules and other administrative duties. • Provided advice and recommendation to the Superintendent as Flight Chief. • Enforced all operational procedures as ordered by headquarters. • Served as area supervisor and responded to emergencies on base. • Inspected personnel on assigned post and maintained security of priority resources and restricted areas. • Served as Security Controller and dispatched patrols and personnel. • Maintained classified documents and served as courier.