THOMAS Y. CHEN 650-468-6318 thomaschen@alumni.cmu.edu 1717 Wolfe Drive, San Mateo 94402 SUMMARY An accomplished Senior Software Engineering Manager with in-depth experience in the Security and Mobile industry. Experience scaling server technology from seed stage to support millions of concurrent users. Expertise in mobile applications, client-side applications, API library development, cloud software, and Enterprise Applications development. Major strengths in software development, design, and debugging in a team environment. A dedicated individual who enjoys working with a team and using excellent interpersonal and communication skills to deliver quality results. EXPERIENCE Amazon, Sunnyvale September 2022 to Current Software Development Manager, AWS Authentication and Vendor Service ● Led a team of 18+ software engineers with expertise in AWS Security, Identity, Vendor and Access Management, and Portal Development, driving their professional development and guiding them to meet key security project goals. ● Developed roadmap to built out enterprise-wide authentication and access control systems for AWS data center vendors, implementing security controls to product supply chain procurement operations ● Provided technical guidance and support for crucial security microservices and pipelines, including user authentication, access control, and secure notification systems, expanding coverage to for AWS vendors and suppliers. California Military Department March 2017 to Current Senior Cyber Analyst ● Provided support for incident response efforts coordinating with cross-functional teams to promptly identify, contain, mitigate, and recover for incidents within the state of California. ● Developed and implemented cyber security training for military personnel, increasing understanding of cyber threats and promoting proactive measures to safeguard sensitive information and infrastructure. ● Actively participated in annual cyber security training exercises, engaging in both red team and blue team activities to simulate and assess the effectiveness of the California Military Department's cyber defenses. Meta, Menlo Park August 2018 to August 2022 Software Engineering Manager, Secure Application Frameworks ● Supporting and hiring teams of software engineers working in the domains of application security for mobile, native, and web touching millions of lines of code at Meta. ● Shipped frameworks that make code secure by default. Prevented Meta top ten application vulnerabilities in Hack, Android Code, and native code. ● Managed roadmap and operational processes for application security across Meta for the Facebook Application, Instagram, and backend code resulting in support for the FTC Application Security Program supporting all of the company. Software Engineering Manager, Ads Communication Platform ● Sustained Ads Communication Platform team of 13 engineers maintained a platform used for 100 millions daily business communications which resulted in expanded Small Business Advertising for Meta at scale. Machine Zone, Palo Alto CA August 2015 to August 2018 Senior Engineering Manager Data Platform Team Marketing
● Ship and evolved software architecture of 60+ machines across data centers into cloud architecture that processed over 500 million events per day. ● Directed team of server-side software engineers developing integration endpoints with partners and improving overall server infrastructure for all marketing efforts at Machine Zone ● Worked with the security team in improving overall security server architecture, closing key security issues, and hardening all cyber defenses for Data Platform Integration endpoints Zynga, San Francisco CA Oct 2013 to June 2015 Engineering Manager Zynga Advertising Delivery Engine Team Managed team and infrastructure for all online advertising and cross promo for mobile clients on Android and iOS using jersey web services running on Tomcat and Redis. ● Managed Server infrastructure with over 300+ Nodes responsible for 1.2 billion impressions per day and 15% of all advertising revenue across web and mobile ● Managed team of software developers driving projects to increase revenue and cross promotion for all games ● Drove development of mobile code in Android and iOS running in all Zynga Games, that helped launch Draw Something 2 and Farm2 Mobile to top positions on iTunes charts Team Lead Bugsquad(Cityville Senior Software Developer) Oct 2011 to April 2013 Created, diagnosed, and debugged key features in Actionscript and PHP for 20+ million users of top performing game Cityville at Zynga ● Developed key game features such as Embassies, Cruise Ships, and Custom residences leading to increased revenue and DAU ● Mentored and trained team of new software developers to onboard them for the team GOGII , Marina Del Rey CA 2008 to 2011 Software Architect Created, and evolved high scalability server architecture supporting millions of mobile clients on iPhone and Android, using Spring, Tomcat, Mule ESB, ActiveMQ, and NoSQL Voldemort ● 1st developer recruited to join in “garage”, built server development team up to 8, active in leading, hiring, training, and management. Managed offshore development teams with successful transition to onshore development ● Scaled architecture platform to deliver 1 billion messages a month, with 10 billion messages cumulatively sent from SMS and push notifications system o http://techcrunch.com/2011/06/03/scaling-scaling-scaled-textplus-turns-two-hit s-10-billion-messages-sent-milestone/ ● Developed and implemented top rated iPhone/Android application textPlus with 17.5 million downloads with push notification system. ● Led the initial design, prototype and evolution of software architecture on initial hardware, to 60 Amazon EC2 instances, to 200 machines in physical data center GoTV Networks, Sherman Oaks CA 2006 to 2008 Senior Java Developer Responsible for building new features for mobile platform to distribute mobile video deployed on J2ME, JBoss, Apache, Linux, and MySQL. ● Engineered event system for mobile architecture to capture real time video metrics increasing business opportunities with major content providers ● Prototyped new mobile video playback and capture features using MMAPI to reduce time to market for new products on Blackberry and javaME devices ● Won Employee of the Quarter award for outstanding contributions to the team SquareTrade Inc, San Francisco CA 2004 to 2005 Development Lead Online Dispute Resolute Responsible for leading team of engineers for key core online dispute resolution business deployed on J2EE, Tomcat, Weblogic, Postgres, Linux, Solaris, and Oracle.
● Gathered requirements, conducted detailed design, and implemented a high volume business process on Weblogic for automated feedback notification and removal system for SquareTrade for over 5,000 customers a week. ● Built a highly scalable XML-RPC web services prototype using Axis on Tomcat which provided critical information to partners such as Google and eBay. Implementations scaled to over 3 million web services calls a day. BROCADE COMMUNICATIONS, San Jose CA 2001 to 2003 Software Applications Engineer Responsible for J2EE web applications, Java GUI tools, and XML to Perl scripting library to support Fabric Aware program. ● Developed, maintained, and updated Oracle 9iAs J2EE, JSP, and servlet web application connected to Oracle DBMS, which enabled sales engineers to quickly gather compatibility data to win key sales. ● “Button Award for Outstanding Performance” involving Goldman Sachs Qualification 2002. EDUCATION M.S., Software Engineering 2006 Carnegie Mellon University B.S., Electrical Engineering with the Computer Engineering Option 2000 University of California, Los Angeles TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Hack, Java, Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, SQL Server Platforms: Apache, Nginx, Flask, Django, Spring, JavaEE, Tomcat, Jetty Databases and NoSQL: MySQL, Oracle, Voldemort, Cassandra, Hbase, Hadoop Additional Technologies: Spring Boots, Android, iOS, Kakfa, Azkaban, Kibana, RabbitMQ, Hibernate, JPA, Patterns, Docker, Google Cloud, EC2 Developmental Tools: Gradle, Maven, Ant, Intellij, Git, Subversion Operating Systems: Linux, Mac OS X, Windows People Skills: Agile, Presentations, Project Tracking, Training